fix(swarm)!: make on_connection_handler_event impl mandatory. (#3364)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: swarm/CHANGELOG.md

- Add `estblished_in` to `SwarmEvent::ConnectionEstablished`. See [PR 3134].

- Remove deprecated `inject_*` methods from `NetworkBehaviour` and `ConnectionHandler`.

>   Make the implementation of `on_swarm_event` and `on_connection_handler_event`
>   both mandatory. See [PR 3264] and [PR 3364].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Make the implementation of `on_connection_handler_event`
  mandatory and thus consistent with `on_swarm_event`. See [PR 3264] and [PR 3364].
```

I find the wording hard to understand, i.e. I would expect this change to touch both methods, whereas in reality it doesn't.

Author: sorry for the confusion introduced Max. It does, it's just that for `on_connection_handler_event` it was left out on #3264. Does the CHANGELOG entry make more sense to you, or do you still want me to adress it?

Reviewer: Ah, right, my bad. Thanks for clarifying.
